[info]: Opening Chrome
[info]: Logging in to LinkedIn üê¢...
[info]: Searching for Ph.D. positions on LinkedIn üê∑...
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
postion_element in None
all_positions from find_positions() is:  []
[info]: Total number of positions: 0
Successfully connected to the database
üåüüåüüåüname, email, expiration_date, keywords in cursor: üåüüåüüåü Vahid vahid@ex.com 2024-06-09 00:00:00 []
customers in get_customers_info() is:  [Customer(name='Vahid', email='vahid@ex.com', expiration_date=datetime.datetime(2024, 6, 9, 0, 0), keywords=[])]
